LwM2M: Ground fix object workaround and fixes (#13559)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added the :ref:`CONFIG_UDP_DATA_UPLOAD_ITERATIONS <CONFIG_UDP_DATA_UPLOAD_ITERATIONS>` Kconfig option for configuring the number of data transmissions to the server.

* :ref:`lwm2m_client` sample:

>   * Added workaround for Ground Fix Location assistance queries in AVSystem Coiote by using fixed Connectivity Monitor object version. This is enabled in :file:`overlay-assist-cell.conf` configuration overlay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added a workaround for Ground Fix Location assistance queries in AVSystem Coiote by using fixed Connectivity Monitor object version.
  This is enabled in the :file:`overlay-assist-cell.conf` configuration overlay.
```

  * Added support for using a password when connecting to a broker.

* :ref:`lib_lwm2m_location_assistance` library:

>   * If device location is requested using Ground Fix location services, received coordinates will be copien in to the LwM2M Location object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated the received coordinated to be copied to the LwM2M Location object, when device location is requested using Ground Fix location services.
```
Or is it rather fixed than updated?

  * Added support for using a password when connecting to a broker.

* :ref:`lib_lwm2m_location_assistance` library:

>   * Updated the Ground fix object to copy received coordinates to the LwM2M Location object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated the Ground Fix object to copy received coordinates to the LwM2M Location object.
```
